README.md, before:

## To-Do Goals:

- finalise problem statement
- list relevant data needed
- find 'new' methods
- work allocation ✅

---

### Problem Statement: The Energy Efficiency Dilemma 

Problem(s):
- How does climate change affect standard of living?
- And will this affect where I live?



Approach:

Create an energy efficiency index (GDP / Energy use per capita)

Use regression to model what drives energy efficiency

Cluster countries by efficiency performance

Why interesting:
Highlights innovation and policy success stories instead of just emission levels.


Relevant Data needed: 

- monthly Income
- retirement
- good healthcare
- whether place is dirty
- how well a country is doing
- housing
- stability
- immigration 


Exploratory Data Analysis findings and observations.


### Model Training
---

Methods Used(): to predict???? or measure? or detect why?

Regression & Clustering + new/not in course method


### Contributors
---

Slides & Presenting: everyone put what they do

Data Prep and Analysis: Jason, Le Zhou

Model Training: Winston, Zheng Cong



#### References Used
---

Commit message:

Started DT model training and updated to-do list

README.md, after:

## To-Do Goals:

1. Re-adjust data variables to deal with missing data (either replace or increase weightage of other variables)
2. Do model trainings (Linear Regression, Classification, Clustering and Anomaly Detection)
3. find 'new' methods



- finalise problem statement ✅
- list relevant data needed ✅
- 
- work allocation ✅

---

### Problem Statement: The Energy Efficiency Dilemma

Problem(s):

- How does climate change affect standard of living?
- And will this affect where I live?

Approach:

Create an energy efficiency index (GDP / Energy use per capita)

Use regression to model what drives energy efficiency

Cluster countries by efficiency performance

Why interesting:
Highlights innovation and policy success stories instead of just emission levels.

Relevant Data needed:

- monthly Income
- retirement
- good healthcare
- whether place is dirty
- how well a country is doing
- housing
- stability
- immigration

Exploratory Data Analysis findings and observations.


Why did we research this?

- To compare standard of living with other countries to Singapore's.
- To find why people move to certain countries

How do we find this?

- Created a Standard of Living index formula from existing variables
- Compare


### Model Training

---

Methods Used(): to predict???? or measure? or detect why?

Regression & Clustering + new/not in course method

### Contributors

---

Slides & Presenting: everyone put what they do

Data Prep and Analysis: Jason, Le Zhou

Model Training: Winston, Zheng Cong

#### References Used

---
